- Red the blood of angry men.
Black the dark of Ages past.
Red a world about to dawn
Black the night that ends at last.
We strive towards the greater goal.
our little lives don't count at all.
Will you give all you can give, so that our banner may advance?
Some will fall and some will live, will you stand up and take your chance?


- To be stuck to the bones in a moment of breathless delight.
How your world may be changed in one burst of light.
And what was right seems wrong and what was wrong seems right.
I sore throgh a world that is new that is free...
There's someone who touches my life, waiting near, waiting here...
So many things unclear so many things unknown...
Does she know I'm alive,
do i know if she's real?
Does she see what I see, does she feel what I feel?
Find me now, find me here...
Believe me if it was in my power I will fill each hour...
There's so little I know that I'm longing to know, of the person you are...
They're so little you say of life you have known...
Why you keep to yourself, why you're always alone?
So dark ,so dark and deep, the secrets that you keep...

- Turning and turning in the widening gyre
The falcon cannot hear the falconer;
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,
The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned;
The best lack all conviction, while the worst
Are full of passionate intensity.

- I dreamed a dream in time gone by...
When hope was high and life worth living.
I dreamed that love would never die...
Then I was young and unafraid...
And dreams were made and used and wasted...
No songs unsung no wine untasted...
But the Tigers game at night, with their voice as soft as Thunder...
As they tear your hopes apart, as they turn your dreams to shame...
She slept a summer by my side, she filled my days with endless wonder...
She took my childhood in her stride, but she was gone when winter came...
There are the dreams that cannot be, and there are storms that cannot weather...
I had dreamed my life would be different, so different now from what it seems...
Now life has killed the dream, I dreamed.



- And I know it's only in my mind ,that I'm talking to myself and not to her...
Without her the world around me  changes, the trees are bare, and everywhere, the streets are full of strangers...
But everyday I'm learning, I've only been pretending...
Without me her world will go on turning...



- A heart full of love, a night full of you...
Waiting for you, waiting at your feet...
Let it be
You are youthfull, you are free...
Love is the garden of the young...
just give me this day...



- If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you,
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, But make allowance for their doubting too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
Or being lied about, don’t deal in lies,
Or being hated, don’t give way to hating,
And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too wise:
If you can dream — and not make dreams your master;
If you can think — and not make thoughts your aim;
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster And treat those two impostors just the same;
If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,
Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken, And stoop and build ’em up with worn-out tools:
If you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
And lose,
and start again at your beginnings
And never breathe a word about your loss;
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
To serve your turn long after they are gone,
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
Except the Will which says to them: “Hold on!”
If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,
Or walk with Kings — nor lose the common touch,
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,
If all men count with you, but none too much;
If you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run,
Yours is the Earth and everything that’s in it,
And — which is more — you’ll be a Man, my son!



- Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
Because their words had forked no lightning they
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay, 
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
And you, my father, there on the sad height,
Curse, bless, me now with your fierce tears, I pray.
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.



- OUT of the night that covers me,
Black as the Pit from pole to pole,
I thank whatever gods may be
For my unconquerable soul.
In the fell clutch of circumstance
I have not winced nor cried aloud.
Under the bludgeonings of chance
My head is bloody, but unbowed.
Beyond this place of wrath and tears
Looms but the Horror of the shade,
And yet the menace of the years
Finds, and shall find, me unafraid.
It matters not how strait the gate,
How charged with punishments the scroll,
I am the master of my fate:
I am the captain of my soul.


- To follow knowledge like a sinking star,
Beyond the utmost bound of human thought.
you and I are old;
Old age hath yet his honour and his toil;
Death closes all: but something ere the end,
Some work of noble note, may yet be done,
Not unbecoming men that strove with Gods.
 for my purpose holds
To sail beyond the sunset, and the baths
Of all the western stars, until I die.
It may be that the gulfs will wash us down:
It may be we shall touch the Happy Isles,
And see the great Achilles, whom we knew.
Tho' much is taken, much abides; and tho'
We are not now that strength which in old days
Moved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are;
One equal temper of heroic hearts,
Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.

- Do you wrestle with dreams?
Do you contend with shadows?
Do you move in a kind of sleep?
Time has slipped away.
Your life is stolen.
You tarried with trifles,
Victim of your folly.

- Upon him I will visit famine and a Fire.
Till all around him desolation rings
And all the demons in the outer dark
Look on amazed and recognize
That Vengeance is the business of a man.